If you vacationed in a snowy mountain cabin and
Nazi Zombies tried to kill you, what would you do?
In this How to Beat video, we’ll follow
the Norwegion students, see if we can make
better decisions, and ultimately attempt
to beat the Nazi Zombies in, Dead Snow.
If you think you could do better than
me, let us know in the comments! If you
like these how to beat videos, consider
liking and subscribing. Let’s get to it.
After witnessing a random woman run down and
eaten by zombies that were suspiciously wearing
Nazi SS uniforms, we start following seven
students vacationing in a cabin in the woods.
In the car, Roy tells them about a man in
the newspaper who was buried in an avalanche,
and was later found to have accidentally dug
six yards deeper into the snow because he was
disoriented. Vegard’s pro tip is to just spit,
and then dig in the opposite direction gravity
pulls your saliva. Apparently this is something
he learned in his military service. I thought this
was common knowledge, or just common sense. How
this man dug ‘six’ yards deep without realizing
he should’ve been falling back down is one of
the most idiotic things I've heard all week.
It’s not going to be a sausage party after all,
they got some ladies coming too. There’s mention
of a Sara who was going to hike into the cabin on
her own. If that was Sara in the prelude,
they’re going to be coming up one short.
The cabin they’re staying at is a 45 minutes
walk off the road. Only Vegard knows the way
in and out, so the rest will have to follow his
snowmobile tracks. He could have ferried them
to the cabin, but that would just get in
the way of doing some sick Triple X moves.
I’m sure he never comes up here and it’s
rarely ever used, but it wouldn’t be hard
to pin some red markers on the trees to
mark the route so others could get in
and out if needed. Or if someone got hurt
and emergency services needed to find you.
Not only is the route unmarked,
but there's no cell signal. Elon
Musk really needs to get that Starlink
set up so people getting attacked by
Things in Antarctica and Nazi Zombies
in the Norwegion Alps can call for help.
Movie cliches aside, being in remote areas with
no ability to call for help and no way of anyone
finding you quickly is actually a risky thing
in real life. Just because it’s a movie cliche
doesn’t make it less dangerous. “Haha man how
many movies are there where some psycho is
stalking you with a knife in their hand, that guy
following us at night is so cliche, am I right.”
Well I feel attacked.
The group burns the rest of the
daylight off tubing, grilling wieners,
and playing twister until eventually, someone
has to use the outdoor laboratory. Nothing good
ever comes from using an outhouse at night
in the dark freezing woods. At minimum,
it’s freezing and uncomfortable. But worst
case, you’re alone, in a vulnerable position,
and your enemies can take you
completely by surprise. Not Liv though,
she gets that weird subconscious feeling
of being watched. Like something is off.
Like anyone would do, she runs back
inside yelling about seeing a man outside.
Of course everyone tries to come up with
reasonable explanations like it being
Sara or a Moose, which has to be infuriating.
Knowing you saw something but your friends
just think you saw a rabbit or the
shadow of snow falling off the trees.
That or they look out of a musty window and say,
Yah, no shit you didn’t see anyone standing in
plain view of the window. If there was someone
out there they’d be operating in the darkness
of the tree line or in the house’s blind spots.
With Liv being freaked out about seeing someone
outside, they should probably start using the
buddy system if anyone else needs to use
the port-a-potty tonight, or at least slow
down on the booze. I also hope there's an old
hunting rifle stashed away in a closet because
they don’t have much in the way of weapons if an
axe-murderer all of the sudden busts in swinging.
Like a true Alpha male, Roy needlessly puts
himself in harm's way to prove there isn’t any
danger. He gets lucky that the man who snuck up
behind him was only looking for a cup of coffee.
This dude is completely killing the vibe they had
going, but if we’re going with the whole movie
cliche thing, he’s definitely the strange old
man that’s going to start dropping history
lessons about an old evil that’s lurking around
these parts. It’d be wise to pay attention.
If what this guy said is true, why would he be
traveling outside in these parts by himself,
unarmed. And why would he willingly
leave the relative safety of the cabin.
I’d be suspicious of this guy,
not the tall tale he was spitting.
Everyone but Liv is disregarding this
as senile rambling, and even then,
she’s probably thinking what she saw in the
treeline earlier was the old man himself.
Sara hasn’t shown up yet, but Vegard did say
that she might be arriving in the morning.
As far as they’re concerned,
there’s nothing to worry about.
Before the wanderer leaves, Roy makes
another smartass remark that he doesn’t
take too kindly too. Whether his story
is true or not, the fact that this guy
is roaming around would be scary enough
to wanna watch your back from here on out.
Naturally, all the disturbing
shit the old man was talking about
seeped into their minds and
propagated into their dreams.
What the fuck brain, thanks for the visual of my
missing girlfriend dying and puking black blood.
I really needed that after being
told there might be undead Nazi
zombies lurking in these mountains with my
girlfriend hiking in by herself. I will say,
going hiking through somewhat treacherous
terrain by yourself with no cell signal
wasn’t too smart. I’m sure she’s fine and this
was just a case of an overactive imagination.
Really, what is this guy even doing out
here? He doesn’t look like a hunter to me.
Maybe he’s not simply a ‘hunter’,
maybe, he’s a ‘ghost’ hunter,
or whatever the Nazi zombie equivalent
of a ghost hunter is. Ah, I know, this
guy is like the amateur Norwegion version of the
Hunting Hiter crew. He’s no Tim Kennedy though.
I don’t want to put words in Tim Kennedy’s mouth,
but I doubt he would have trekked into the heart
of these evil mountains by himself, having only
brought a bolt-action rifle and a narrow-beam
flashlight, and then set up in the middle of
the open in a tent lit up like a Christmas tree.
That would be the sound of your
bad decisions catching up to you.
We already know this guy massively fucked
up coming here at night and by willingly
leaving the cabin to camp in a tent, but
let’s just rip through him some more. He
should have brought a camping lantern which
lights up over 30 meters in all directions.
His narrow beam flashlight is next to useless,
and coupled with a bolt-action rifle, acquiring,
engaging, reloading, reacquiring and re-engaging
is going to be absurdly difficult. If what he said
is true, there could be hundreds of undead
Einsatzkommandos out here. Impossible odds..
Even if he was a regular camper or hunter who
was only concerned about dangerous animals,
and didn’t actually believe his own
stories, he was still poorly equipped.
He basically committed suicide.
The nightmare, what the old guy said,
Sara still not here in the morning,
all stoke Vegard into going on a search
and rescue mission to try to find her.
This is a mistake. He should ride
back into town to contact the police,
who will notify the Norwegion
Search and Rescue Service.
The SAR team is vastly more well manned,
equipped, and trained for the job.
Vegard going after Sara by himself without any
real training or equipment is not only dangerous,
but he’s also much less likely to find her or
be able to effectively rescue her if he does.
On his way he finds the wanderer’s
tent, and inside, his mutilated corpse.
Seeing as there’s bloody footprints walking
away from the scene, this was no animal.
I know they’re evil Nazi zombies and
all, but leaving behind a crime scene
isn’t going to do them any favors. They
have a leader, are somewhat intelligent,
and according to the legends they fled into
these mountains to hide at the end of the war.
Covering their tracks should be a strat residing
in their decaying brain matter. Stupid Nazi’s.
Now as Vegard, do you keep snowmobiling
around the mountainside searching for
Sara with a murdering psycho on the
loose, or do you head back and get
off the mountain with the rest of your
friends so you can get help from people
that actually know what the fuck they’re
doing? I’m going to go with the latter.
For some reason Vegard thinks
this is a movie and he’s the hero,
and decides to follow the murderer’s foot
tracks. It’s not a good sign when you’re
resorting to tracking down a murderer to find your
missing girlfriend, but it’s the best lead he has.
Maybe undertaking the rescue operation
by yourself wasn’t such a good idea.
Back at the lodge the group discovers a box full
of old gold and jewelry dated with the year 1942.
No bells are ringing that this might be related
to the World War 2 Einsatzgruppe confiscations
the wanderer was talking about. Not that it would
change anything if it had. There’s no way they
could anticipate that undead Nazi’s will rise out
of their icy graves and shank them for fucking
with their loot. To them, it’s old junk they
could pawn off to pay off their student loans,
which I’m sure is triggering
to any historians out there.
While everyone’s playing with the cursed jewelry,
Hanna slips one of the coins into
Martin's joggers without him knowing.
I don’t get why she didn’t put it in her
own pocket if she wanted to take one.
Liv seeing someone in the woods, the creepy old
man sneaking up on them and choking out Roy,
and Vegard not being back yet
hasn’t unnerved them one bit.
They’re all wasted and not using a buddy system
when visiting the outhouse a night. Sure,
you'd most likely get called a bitch by the other
guys for suggesting you tag team the toilet with
your bro, but I think it’s reasonable given the
circumstances. In the Navy SEAL BUD/S training
you get assigned a swim buddy that you can’t
be further than 3 feet from the whole 6 months,
because they get that when you’re alone you’re
weak and vulnerable. Especially when on the John.
Damn, Chris is a freak jesus christ. Not
what I meant with the buddy system, but
it’ll do. Erland heads back into the Cabin to run
a victory lap while Chris finishes up on her own,
or so she thinks. When she goes for
the TeePee she catches a peeping tom,
or more technically, a peeping undead Nazi
SS paramilitary death squad soldier. The most
surprising thing is her lack of blood curdling
screams, not that it would help with the rest of
the group smashing beers and blasting jams.
There’s not much she can do at this point.
What do ya know, there was
a gun in this old cabin.
Hope there’s ammo around and
it’s not just for decoration.
Hanna tosses Martin the pump trench gun
and the boys head out looking for Chris.
Their investigation comes up empty, which I find
hard to believe. How did Chris get pulled through
the toilet hole without breaking anything. And
how was her blood not all over the snow leading
up to the house. The guys seem to think that them
not finding Chris means that everything is chill.
I’d think that it would be even more alarming.
Especially since they also found Sara’s backpack.
Hannah takes a peek outside and sees
Chris’s head being waved around by a
homicidal maniac. The Nazi zombies sure
do have a sick sense of humour. Liv then
makes the almost fatal, cliche mistake of
having her back next to that same window.
Cutting Liv’s hair with the knife to free her
was a clutch move, good thinking. Barricading
the windows and doors is also good, but everyone
needs to find things they can use for shields
and weapons. One of them should look around and
try to find spare ammo for their shotgun since
it’s the best weapon they have. I doubt there
is any, so Martin needs to be sparing with it
and only shoot when he sees the whites
of their undead eyes. Once all the
entrances are sufficiently barricaded up,
everyone needs to huddle in the middle to
one, avoid getting grabbed like Liv, and two, so
that Martin has a clear shot. Beyond that there’s
not much to do but hold out until morning.
I’ve never heard of Nazi vampires, so the
sunlight can’t be relied upon to vaporize them,
but Vegard might be back with the snowmobile,
they’d have better visibility, and more people
would be awake that could potentially help them.
Whatever is attacking them, it likely
doesn’t want to be spotted in broad daylight.
Now it’s clear they’re dealing with zombies,
and judging by the decayed hand with
the Einsatz ring, the Nazi variety.
Erland, having watched his fair share of
movies, starts freaking out yelling at
everyone to not get bitten. Hey, that’s my
job. Based on what the wanderer man said,
this is looking a lot more like an evil curse,
not a virus. Not that you’d want to get bitten
by a Nazi zombie. Zombies are just a breeding
ground for bacteria and infectious diseases.
Hannah thinks they should run for the car,
which is a total joke. There’s no way they can
make it trudging for 45 minutes through the
snow at night while being attacked when they
don’t even know the way out without Vegard.
Besides that automatic fail, they have no
idea how many of them are actually out there,
it’s dark as hell and they have no flashlights,
the shotgun doesn’t have enough ammo and Martin
doesn’t have the training to operate it under
duress, and they’re all booz’d up, unarmed,
and out of shape. Good thing Hannah isn’t team
lead, because that would’ve been a total massacre.
Erland makes the same mistake as Liv
by standing too close to the window,
but he’s not as lucky as she was.
Running to the car is out of the question.
This zombie just pulled his head apart like
it was a watermelon. That’s like game
of thrones mountain levels of strength.
And there’s tons of these freaks out there.
They just need to hold out till morning.
To be honest, I'm somewhat shocked that they
survived the night. Colonel Herzog is a dipshit,
no wonder they lost the war. All they needed
to do is molotov the cabin and smoke them out.
Or tossed one of their stick grenades in through
a window to stun them before charging in to
rip their guts out. I honestly never
thought i’d have a job which entailed
helping Nazi zombies kill innocent
civilians. Dreams really do come true.
With snowfall covering the snowmobile tracks
and obscuring the path back to civilization,
they plan to split up. The gals will
make a run for where they think is town,
while Martin and Roy create a
diversion to buy them some time.
If only someone marked the route in an out.
Not that it would help much if the Nazi things
decided to hunt them in broad daylight, but
it would have given them a sliver of a chance.
Thinking about it, they weren’t
blindfolded for the 45 minute walk in.
They should have at least a general sense
of direction of where they came from.
The distraction idea is also flawed. Creating
a diversion only works if you know where the
Nazi’s are located. Liv and Hannah could
easily be running right towards the zombies,
in which case Martin and Roy banging
on pots and pans isn’t going to help.
Their best option is to stay
together, grab weapons from the shed,
and haul ass in the general direction
they came while daylights on their side.
Damn Vegard was unconscious for like 12 hours.
Must’ve really jacked his head on something.
Looks like some sort of tunnel network.
Could it be, the old man wasn’t lying?
Using a stick and some gas from his snowmobile
he fashions a makeshift torch to go tomb raiding.
The unearthed graves are odd. There’s Nazi
flags, machineguns, grenades, helmets, yah
the old dude wasn’t lying. Vegard should grab the
MP40 before he inevitably runs into the murderer.
It’s not reasonable for Vegard to jump
to conclusions and think he’s dealing
with Nazi zombies, but it could be another
Hiroo Onoda situation where some old ass
Nazi’s held out and survived in these tunnels
this whole time by mugging and murdering the
occasional hiker. Honestly, the Norwegions
should have hunted them down after World War
2. Why would you let a group of genocidal
maniacs roam free miles from your town.
Vegard eventually finds Saras head, on display
as some sort of sick trophy. As heart stopping
as this revelation is, there’s no
time to grieve in the devil’s lair.
Not too help the Nazi’s, but If they
still have functioning firearms,
why aren’t they using them?
Odd that they’d want to use
knives with the historical precedent of mowing
down millions of innocent people with rifles.
Using his military training and the fire
of vengeance ignited from Sara’s death,
Vegard beats the zombie down with it’s own
helmet. The Norwegion military apparently
doesn’t train to double-tap their
downed enemies. It’s an undead monster,
you can’t expect it to be fully dead
from knocking it’s head around a bit.
His victory is short-lived with another undead
Nazi climbing out of the snow next to him. Yah,
time to run back to the snowmobile
and Triple X your ass back to base.
Who knows how many of them
are buried in these tunnels.
The Nazi’s corner him before he can get to his
snowmobile, so he’s forced to face them head on.
Defeating them is surprisingly easy. The
problem with Nazi zombies is that their
brains have decayed to the point where they
turn into shitty movie villains who throw their
enemies towards weapons that can be used against
them. That was basically a layup for Vegard.
The throwing knife to the face was a pro move,
especially considering he’s cold, exhausted from
fighting, wearing thick gloves, on an uneven
snowy hillside, and stressed from being under
attack by undead Nazi’s. I’ve thrown axes before
and it’s a lot harder than it looks. I personally
wouldn’t have done that because I’d have fucked
it up and ended up just giving it the knife.
He gets tackled off a cliff but manages to grab on
to the other zombie’s intestines Tarantino style.
Hopefully this is an evil curse thing
and not an infectious zombie virus thing,
because there’s a lot of bodily fluids being
exchanged. He head butts the zombie off,
climbs back up, and performs some extreme
field surgery by stitching his carotid artery
closed with a fishing line and hook using
his snowmobiles mirror. Hell of a day. I
don’t think it’s possible to stitch a chewed
open carotid artery closed in the field like
that. The duct tape around his neck might help
a bit, but it’s just a matter of time before
he bleeds out. He needs to get to a hospital
A.S.A.P. if he has any chance of surviving.
Vegard knows his friends must also be under
attack, and that nobody would believe him
if he went for help. So rather than save
himself he mounts a confiscated belt-fed MG-34
on his snowmobile and prepares for war.
There’s still that MP40 and possibly more
guns, grenades and ammo that he should’ve
stocked up on but doesn’t. Crucial mistake.
When he fires her up for one last ride,
another buried Nazi smells the fresh
blood and thinks it’s his moment to shine.
The zombie catching a facefull of tree-branch was
lucky. This is also why he should have brought
that submachine gun. The MG-34 isn’t really
made for blasting people off your snow boots.
As expected, the diversion was a total failure.
Hannah is putting in work though. That’s the
other thing about zombies, their bodies have
decayed so much that their heads pop like
water balloons when you stomp on them. They
really should have grabbed knives or something
from the tool shed to defend themselves with.
Liv isn’t doing as well, getting cannibalized
by the undead SS and all. The Nazi’s are too
preocuppied indulging on her tasty flesh
to notice that she swiped one of their
potato mashers. By the time they do, the
4 and a half second fuze is burnt through.
I’m a bit surprised Liv knew how to detonate
the grenade. World war 2 stick grenades aren’t
as intuitive as modern ones where most people
know to pull the pin and let the lever fly.
With stick nades you have to unscrew
the inconspicuous looking bottom cap
and pull the string that comes out.
Hannah hides in a tree which somehow works.
These Nazi’s must be blind to not see her.
She’s wearing a giant puffy red coat. Hannah
really should’ve taken that off. Being cold is
better than being dead. She accidentally climbs
up next to a bird nest, causing mama crow to get
pissed and start cawing loudly. By the time she
chokes it out, the zombies already found her.
The tree isn’t the greatest hiding spot because
you’re basically trapped if you get caught.
That and your footprints in the snow will
obviously lead to the tree and then suddenly
stop. Hannah had no idea where she was
going and was exhausted by this point,
so the tree probably looked like her only option.
She does have the high ground..
And expertly uses it to perform a super
smash bros link drop sword maneuver.
I can’t say I would’ve thought to do that.
She accidentally backs herself into a corner,
and knowing she can’t take it on one v
one, takes it with her off the cliff.
Must’ve been a thick layer of pow
that cushioned that fall. According
to a physics.stackexchange post, falling at
terminal velocity into 15-20 feet of snow
should be survivable. Don’t
try that at home though.
Problem with surviving a huge fall into snow
is that you need to dig your broken ass
back out. Hope she knows the spit trick.
The zombie survived the fall
too, but Hannah got out first
so she gets a free penalty kick to it’s head.
The boys aren't doing so hot
themselves. Roy does the Nazi’s
job for them by burning themselves out of
the shelter with a poorly thrown molotov.
Martin then pulls out his Nokia and rings the
cops. You’re telling me you did have a cell
signal this whole time? Why the fuck didn’t you
call the police when you first got attacked? Wow.
He then takes this critical opportunity to start
yelling at the cops that they are under attack
by zombies in German world war 2 uniforms, and
gets hung up on. Roy is right, if you’re being
attacked by Nazi zombies, don’t say you’re
being attacked by Nazi zombies. The thing is,
even if Martin told them a hiker had gone
mad and attacked them and the police were
ready to respond, he wouldn’t be
able to give them his location,
because he doesn’t know it. And even if he did,
without route markers finding this place will
be difficult and take awhile. It’s also crazy
to me that nobody had a paper map of this area.
The Nazi zombies failed to secure the perimeter,
so Roy and Martin are able to flee to
the shed stocked with killing devices.
An all out war between the Norwegion students
and the undead Nazi’s ensues, waged with crude
instruments of farming and fieldwork. The undead
get clobbered rather easily, almost, too easily.
Even though killing them isn’t too difficult, more
keep rising out of the snow. If you ventured into
some of my random earlier videos I made, you’ll
notice one called, “Your Heroes will Die Tired”.
The point I tried to make is that hand to hand
fighting is extremely taxing and exhausting.
Your average person, AKA you, would be completely
smoked and out of energy after a couple hand to
hand bouts with the enemy, to the point
where if another attacker came at you,
it would be very easy for them
to overpower and kill you.
Roy and Martin are running on fumes.
Just when all hope seems lost,
Vegard flies in with the upgunned snowmobile
and saws down a line of zombies. That should
buy them enough time for Martin and Roy to
get on the snowmobile and drive out of there.
Vegard instead decides to pop a wheelie
and decapitate another Nazi with it’s skis.
The snowmobile gets pinned into a tree,
so Vegard suplexes the next zombie,
plants the snowmobile treads on
its face and opens the throttle.
I’m almost feeling sorry for them at this point.
Vegard wouldn’t have had to wreck his
snowmobile if he had brought more ammo, guns,
and grenades from the tunnels, or if he executed
a hot extract for Roy and Martin and peaced out.
Now they are’ unarmed and on foot with zombies
popping out of the snow everywhere. Not good.
Nooo, Vegard was a badass. Why’d
they have to do my boy like that.
Hannah arrives at the party
with a hatchet in her neck,
must’ve caught that on the way back. Looks
like it’s all down to Roy and Martin.
Martin unloads the trench gun into the SS zombies,
but there’s only 5 or so shells in it. Not enough
to kill them all. One of the remaining SS zombies
tackles him to the ground and bites his arm.
Remembering what Erland said about zombies and
not getting bitten, he fires up the chainsaw
to self-amputate his arm so as to not let the
infection spread. Did he not just get zombie
guts poured into his facial orifices? If this was
a zombie virus thing, you’re already infected.
I still think it’s more reasonable to assume the
Nazi’s are undead due to a curse, not a virus.
In which case there is no need to amputate.
Even if you assumed the worst case scenario
that you contracted the zombie virus, chopping
your arm off is a bullshit movie cliche and
doesn’t work at all. Blood pumps through
your body extremely fast, and likewise,
so do pathogens. For example, drugs injected into
your arm will reach your brain in a few seconds.
Guess they didn’t cover that in your med school.
His efforts, stupid yet commendable,
are rendered obselete when another
zombie rise from the grave beneath his
legs and sinks it’s teeth into his sack.
Yah, let's go with the evil curse
thing. The movie cliche I would go with,
is that killing Herzog would end the
curse, deading all the undead for good.
If they want to live and end this thing, they
need to kill him now before his backup arrives
in force. Martin and Roy freeze up, lose their
only opportunity, and are forced to run for it.
Roy gets sideswiped by Herzog and his
intestines get caught up on a tree,
not sure how that happened. Martin looks back
and see’s Herzog grab some loot out of his
pockets. It looks like he connected
the dots with the wanderers story,
that all this was over the confiscated valuables.
Damn Nazi zombies, all you had to do was ask.
This is the crux of the situation,
but I don’t really think there was a
point in the movie besides when Martin saw
Herzog take the loot out of Roy's pocket,
that this was clear. And really, I don’t
think this mattered much at all. Sara,
the hiker, and Vegard were all attacked before
anyone pulled out the box of confiscated goods.
The undead nazi curse seems
more territorial in nature.
Martin races back to the burnt down cabin
and offers up the box of gold and jewelry.
Herzog accepts and reluctantly spares his life.
The movie ends with Martin reaching his
car, grabbing the keys out of his pocket,
and realizing he was still in
possession of one of the coins.
That’s why I always put the car in drive
immediately after I get in. So if someone
pops up on my driver-side window I can just jam
the pedal and peel out. It is understandable
that Martin wouldn’t be in the headspace to do
that, having had his entire reality take a hard
left with all his friends getting murdered by
Nazi zombies. That and he was spared by Herzog.
So how could things have gone down differently?
Sara really shouldn’t have been hiking alone,
but it wouldn’t have mattered if she
had a friend. Her death was inevitable.
When Sara didn’t show up the morning after
the wanderer told his tale, Vegard should
have rode into town and gotten the help of the
police and Norwegion Search and Rescue team.
I could see the rest of the friends staying at the
cabin in the meantime in case Sara did show up,
but they wouldn’t have been
alone as police and SAR teams
would be scouring the mountains looking for her.
With the night approaching and Sara still gone,
I think it would be reasonable to
cancel the trip and head back into
town. I can’t imagine I'd wanna drink beer
and play twister with my friend missing.
If they changed course at this pivotal point in
their decision tree, none of them would have died.
Except for the Wanderer who was
out camping there like an idiot.
If they did stay and Vegard went
off looking for Sara on his own,
which I suppose could be reasonable,
Erland and Chris’s deaths were unavoidable.
If Vegard had put up route markers or the
others retained a semblance of direction,
it would be a 20 minute run to the
car. Could they have made it, I think
it’s possible given that the Nazi zombies
weren’t that coordinated or hard to kill,
especially if they all stayed together and got
weapons from the shed. When Vegard arrived at
the cabin and noticed it was empty, he would’ve
rode back to town and made it to a hospital.
Once they all got off the mountain
and alerted the authorities,
the military would have rolled in
and closed Herzog’s casket for good.
I think we could have beaten
the Nazi Zombies from Dead Snow.
Thanks for watching, and remember, don’t
play dress up with jewelry stolen from
innocent civilians that were murdered
by Nazi paramilitary death squads.